## General Unorganized Thoughts 
$\quad$This short movie fascinates me in a way few horror movies have been able to in a long time. I’m not experienced with any of Kurosawa’s previous works in the horror genre, nor am I really all that experienced with Japanese horror movies in general, and this movie makes me realize what a great disservice that is. This movie shows so much expertise when it comes to crafting tense moments, I am absolutely shocked I have never heard or seen anything from his before, especially after calling myself a horror fan. There is so much to say about what makes this movie so effective, but the part I love the most, which is also expertly pointed out by [SUAVE cinema’s](https://youtu.be/ydcSwU7KL1I?si=BXuEhwUjaWgXhYvr) essay discussing the film, is the absolute horror of the metal sheen that permeates all modern industry. This movie is industrial without ever being industrial, it is body horror without any excessive showings of it, it is a supernatural movie that is, more than anything, very, very mundane. It is perfect in every way it presents these themes. 
$\quad$ There are several connections I made the second time I saw this movie, it’s connection with _Tetsuo the Iron Man_ (which I have not seen yet, much to my additional embarrassment when it comes to being a horror fan) and the body horror. The conversations about machines controlling the brain, or carcass of a chicken, that is wrong, missing a head but yet nonetheless almost human. And the loud noises of fans, trains, metal crunching under the weight of a madman. All of this for me paints such an enticing picture of industrial modernity, and the ways it presents itself so subtly in our psyche we do not even see it, or worse yet, we do not know we are always seeing it. Have we always been this crazy? Are we just now noticing the gaps in reality? These are all things this film makes me ponder, which is so magnificent with how limited the dialogue is in this movie. Its presentation does so much wonders for this film I can never forget it. I cannot wait to educate myself on this director and the art that inspired it. 
