## General Unorganized Thoughts
I always saw this movie as an opportunity to do something I find really special, from the far disconnected perspective the movie forces us to stand by, to the mystery the trailers showed about the kills this movie is trying to champion. This is to say why I felt so disappointed with this movie in a way that I haven’t felt disappointed before. This isn’t to trash on the movie, I know much of the general dislike of this movie can be summarized by it being too slow ( funnily enough personally I did not think it was slow enough) and I want to distance myself from those critiques, as most of it boils down to expecting a slasher and not getting one, or at least not a straightforward one. 
My critique hinges on what I think the movie was trying to do at its best, and how it cowers from their own great idea, landing on extended sequences of avoidable mediocrity. 
I won’t pretend to know much about slow cinema; from the outset, I see the appeal to relaxing, environmental mundanely that is conveyed in these types of movies. Which is why turning a series like Friday the 13th into a slow, methodical movie seems like such a great idea that could’ve landed so well. 
It would be silly to ignore the direct connection that this movie has with the Friday the 13th series in general, which is why it seems odd to me how little it is discussed besides alluding to slashers as a whole. This movie is not just a slow slasher, it’s a slow Jason movie. The main villain IS Jason Voorhees in all ways but name. From the backstory of being killed as a young boy, to a revenge plot to find peace from his mother’s death, even to having a guy who is just Tommy Jarvis, the experienced nemesis to Jason and his plans. 
This connection goes further than simply showing what a Jason movie would be like from his perspective, it goes to the point where it even begins to try to understand Jason and his motives as a killer. The last sequence of the movie is where the movie shines from the rubble that is the climax, the final girl is now the protagonist, and we get to experience the movie from her point of view, something hardly novel. What is fascinating is the conversation she has with the lady that rescues her, about beasts and their strive for kills. About trauma and understanding, even reminding me of the pro-animal right’s messaging Jordan Peele’s Nope had. It tries to paint Johnny (who is the killer’s name in this movie) as a wounded, scared animal, lashing out against a world that has abandoned him. This was excellent, and it almost made me forget that for a large part of the movie, this philosophy is completely ignored in favor of keeping the most trite elements of the slasher genre in place. 
